hey there youtubers in this tutorial /
gameplay I'm going to be teaching you
how to do that tilt screen throwing
knife trick everyone's been using in
their montages now after i unload a few
clips of my bare 50 cal i'm gonna be
showing you the awesomeness that is the
tilt screen this full auto bear for
decal is just the opening act to what
comes next okay now on to the tutorial
basically what you do is fire directly
after that do it throwing knife looks
sounds easier than it is when you mess
up just compare yourself to an actual
vertical object that really helps for
practicing there we go nice good one
some reason that didn't even make a
firing sound oh yes the l 118 terrible
sniper rifle I don't know people I don't
know how people work with this it's
crazy anyways you can do with that too
or like what I'm doing right now you can
do with the desert eagle know who would
think of that okay guys tip number one
probably the only tape you're getting in
this video careful with your filling not
fair and practicing you lose it what a
nerd rage to be on its gun no you gotta
do is respond but
who wants to deal with that
now on to another gun we can use the a
s10 pretty good sniper rifle it's just I
prefer the Berra 50 Cal because you know
this one it's you can't fire as fast you
know with the rapid trigger finger
whatnot so you can't really do a
follow-up shot no shoot one you screw up
well it goes your perfect kill cam and
you've already given away your position
well this about wraps it up so remember
a few things you can do this with almost
any gun it's just I recommend you use a
sniper rifle or this desert eagle right
here yeah well remember sniper rifle
deagle or Magnum you can also do with
shotguns too but that just gets kind of
crazy see you later